# ML-Solutions
This repo contains my progress in Machine Learning course offered by Andrew Ng on Coursera
Feel free to suggest changes :)

# Financial aid application
Hello dear reviewer! My name is Abhishek and I am from India . As you may know that our country belongs to a very poor countries . An average salary is 285 US dollars per month . Can you imaging living on this money ? But things get even worse when you are a student .My parents spent a lot of their money on my education since getting into IITs is not easy it shows that i can be extremely committed if i want something. I can barely feed myself and pay for a dorm . For me it seems impossible to pay for an entire course by myself . My parent neither can help me . I would say the main reason I ' m asking you for the Financial Aid is the circumstances due to which I happened to born in a beautiful country – India . Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future .

By my nature I am a very curious person. In my university I am the best student. I haven't received any bad marks for a whole period of studying. I chose my specialty as well my future job based on my interest. I strongly believe that making your job a hobby will allow you to reach to a very high place. This believe has helped me a lot during my studying and I hope will help in future. As I have already mentioned I make my specialty to be my hobby (and vice versa). I'm really interested in taking your course on Big Data Management, since this is one of the topics which I will face in future when I am employed on full time basis as a Machine Learning specialist. As you may know Big Data and Machine Learning are closely related topics. Taking this course will help me to better understand nature of Data, and how I can acquire, discover and manage it.
